# Project Related Sources
[1]* Decorators & metadata reflection in TypeScript: From Novice to Expert (Part I)
http://blog.wolksoftware.com/decorators-reflection-javascript-typescript <br/>

[2] Building a Node.js App with TypeScript Tutorial
https://blog.risingstack.com/building-a-node-js-app-with-typescript-tutorial/ <br/>

[3] [Decorators] How I Fell in Love with JS Decorators
https://cabbageapps.com/fell-love-js-decorators/ <br/>

[4] [Decorators] Exploring EcmaScript Decorators
https://medium.com/google-developers/exploring-es7-decorators-76ecb65fb841 <br/>

[5] Master the JavaScript Interview: What is a Pure Function?
https://medium.com/javascript-scene/master-the-javascript-interview-what-is-a-pure-function-d1c076bec976 <br/>

[6] Nest RELEASE canditate is here! Introduction to modern Node.js framework
https://kamilmysliwiec.com/nest-release-canditate-is-here-introduction-modern-node-js-framework <br/>

[7] Nest.js Brings TypeScript to Node.js and Express
https://auth0.com/blog/nestjs-brings-typescript-to-nodejs-and-express/ <br/>

[8] Easy Node Authentication: Setup and Local
https://scotch.io/tutorials/easy-node-authentication-setup-and-local#application-structure <br/>

[9][unfinished] Sharding & IDs at Instagram
https://engineering.instagram.com/sharding-ids-at-instagram-1cf5a71e5a5c <br/>

[10] What does it take to generate cluster wide unique ID’s in a distributed system
https://medium.com/@varuntayal/what-does-it-take-to-generate-cluster-wide-unique-ids-in-a-distributed-system-d505b9eaa46e <br/>

[11] Implement Access Control in Node.js
https://blog.nodeswat.com/implement-access-control-in-node-js-8567e7b484d1 <br/>

[12] Creating Role Based Authentication with Passport in Ionic 2 – Part 1
https://www.joshmorony.com/creating-role-based-authentication-with-passport-in-ionic-2-part-1/ <br/>

[13] JSON Web Tokens (JWT) vs Sessions
https://float-middle.com/json-web-tokens-jwt-vs-sessions/ <br/>

[14] JSON Web Tokens vs. Session Cookies: In Practice
https://ponyfoo.com/articles/json-web-tokens-vs-session-cookies <br/>

[15][todo] Get Started with JSON Web Tokens
https://auth0.com/learn/json-web-tokens/ <br/>

[16][todo] Blacklisting JSON Web Token API Keys
https://auth0.com/blog/blacklist-json-web-token-api-keys/ <br/>

[17] Refactoring a Basic, Authenticated API with Node, Express, and Mongo
http://blog.slatepeak.com/refactoring-a-basic-authenticated-api-with-node-express-and-mongo/ <br/>

[18] why-jwts-suck-as-session-tokens
https://scotch.io/bar-talk/why-jwts-suck-as-session-tokens <br/>

[19][todo] Set Up a Secure Node.js Web Application
https://blog.nodeswat.com/set-up-a-secure-node-js-web-application-9256b8790f11 <br/>